docs: add TRUSTED_PROXIES config to prevent issues while logging in. (#622)
kimai/www.kimai.org: collections/_documentation/saml-keycloak.md

- `singleSignOnService.url`: `https://{keycloak-domain}/realms/{realm}/protocol/saml`
- In Kimai: `kimai.saml.connection.idp.x509cert` = value from IdP `ds:X509Certificate`
- In Kimai: `kimai.saml.connection.security.authnRequestsSigned: true`

> - In Kimai: Configure the Property `TRUSTED_PROXIES=`, when using a reverse proxy to prevent issues while logging in.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- In Kimai: Configure the `TRUSTED_PROXIES` setting, when using a [reverse proxy]({% link _documentation/webserver-configuration.md %}) to prevent login issues
```
